CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
    Password Generator

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?
    People need secure passwords and ways to remember them. In my mission
    we had missionaries that were constantly getting their accounts hacked
    and stronger passwords can help with reducing account thieft by making
    them more secure.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?
    I will learn better how to randomly generate and store values. I will
    also be learning how to test functions that are random in nature.
    If I have time I also want to learn how to encrypt the stored data. 

4. What Python modules will your program use?
    secrets
    string
    random

5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task?

    Yes. The goal will be to generate a number from 3 random words. For 
    the project I will use random words from a list but could be adapted
    to take user input. Either way the functions will take in words and 
    return the random generated value.

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

6. Will you write test functions to test at least two of your program
functions?  

    I should be able to. I plan to test the assembly and word generation
    functions. I'm not sure how testing the random function will work, 
    but I'm sure doing research and exploring it I can figure out things
    I can test.